added custom scheduler breakage in news.rst (#4274)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/news.rst

    :class:`~scrapy.http.Request` objects instead of arbitrary Python data
    structures.

*   An additional ``crawler`` parameter has been added to the ``__init__`` method

>     of the `scrapy.core.scheduler.Scheduler` class. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    of the :class:`scrapy.core.scheduler.Scheduler` class. 
```

    Custom scheduler subclasses which don't accept arbitrary parameters in 
    their ``__init__`` method might break because of this change.

>     For more information, refer to :class:`scrapy.core.scheduler.Scheduler`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For more information, refer to the documentation for the :setting:`SCHEDULER` setting.
```

    :class:`~scrapy.http.Request` objects instead of arbitrary Python data
    structures.

*   An additional `crawler` paramter has been added to the `__init__` method of

>     the `scrapy.core.scheduler.Scheduler` class. Custom scheduler subclassses 

Reviewer: I think this is still not 100% accurate. What do you think of something like the following?
> Custom scheduler subclasses which don't accept arbitrary parameters in their `__init__` method might break because of this change.

Author: @elacuesta , you're right. Your sentence is clear & concise.

Reviewer: I apologize if I wasn't clear, I didn't mean you should suppress the first sentence (_"An additional `crawler` parameter has been added to the `__init__` method of the `scrapy.core.scheduler.Scheduler` class"_). That sentence is the explanation for the following one.
Also, I just realized that two accent characters are needed for Sphinx to render text as monospace, one means italic. You could check this by running `make html` from the `docs` directory.
Lastly, I think it would be good to refer to the Scheduler class using the `class` directive. There is no API reference page for the Scheduler at the moment, but doing so would make this part link to it if we add it in the future. What I mean is:
```
:class:`scrapy.core.scheduler.Scheduler`
```
Sorry for the back and forth, thanks for your patience.

Author: @elacuesta, I'm here to learn. Thanks for taking the time out to help a beginner like me! 
I'll make the requested changes!

>     don't accept binary parameters in their `__init__` method. This version of

Reviewer 2: what does "binary" mean here?

Author: @kmike my bad, I meant to write arbitrary.

    Scrapy might break custom schedulers.

>     For more information:

Reviewer: I would remove the colons here, and use Sphinx syntax to refer to the setting:

```
For more information, refer to the :setting:`SCHEDULER` setting
```

    :class:`~scrapy.http.Request` objects instead of arbitrary Python data
    structures.

> *   This version of scrapy breaks custom schedulers 

Reviewer 3: I know this is how I phrased it in the issue, but I think the actual documentation text should go more in the line of the entries above.

It should indicate that the `__init__` method of the `scrapy.core.scheduler.Scheduler` class now received an additional `crawler` parameter, and that because of that custom `Scheduler` subclasses that don’t accept arbitrary parameters in their `__init__` method will stop working.

Since we do not have API documentation of `scrapy.core.scheduler.Scheduler` at the moment that we can link, `scrapy.core.scheduler.Scheduler` should probably link to the documentation of the [`SCHEDULER`](https://docs.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/settings.html#scheduler) setting.

Author: @Gallaecio , thanks for the help! Appreciate it!
